The Great Shelf Temple flower carries the first betrothal gift
Fortune 99.99 billion to propose marriage
Father-in-law is above
I'm here to marry Hongyan
Please allow me to marry Hongyan
That's so much.
My home technology plus adds up
It's only a fraction
Impossible. That doesn't look like 100 billion.
There's another check
Ah ok ok
They're all out, they're all out, oops, hahaha.
Yihuan, how did you get so much money?
When did you become so rich?
Beauty, money is just an external thing to me
There is nothing more precious in my heart than you
Without you
I can't live again
You'll never know it took me a thousand years
Just to learn you over time
I like it. I've finally waited for this day.
You really didn't let me down
Dad, are you still unwilling to agree?
Uh this
Imperial Capital Ye Family Leaf Yang
Write a trillion betrothal gifts and come to propose marriage